# The-False-Knight-Animatic
My first experience with animation, both Mocap and manual.

Github does not allow large files to be uploaded very easily, So I put the final animatic in a google drive with a link to it here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UWGHgFkBLAY5UOQQEH2ALcq_rRhbBQX7/view?usp=sharing
I also included the script for the animatic here in the repository.

  This project was a difficult one. We faced several tough challenges, the largest being the loss of two group members early on (bringing our group down from 7 to 5). We also lacked group members with adequate experience with 3d art and animation, as we were all technical programmers and 2d artists. Our third biggest hurdle was the loss/disappearance/corruption of several important Motion capture data files, which we were relying on up until that point to subsidize our subpar manpower. I do not know what happened to said files, nor do I believe it was any one person's fault; nevertheless, it set us back.

  The project did not turn out to be everything we dreamed of or planned for, but given the circumstances I am very proud of what it is, especially being my first experience with animation. I had fun creating skeletons for the models in Unreal and posing them around, as well as acting in the motion capture lab. Art and animation does not come super naturally to me as well as programming does, but I loved doing it and learning about it.

  This project was obviously collaborative, but I would still like to direct attention to my contributions specifically. Our team worked on different segments of the script to speed up the workflow, and I was assigned the climactic fight scene towards the end. Coincidentally, the fighting motion capture data were the ones that were lost, so I had to hand-animate both combatants. It's no Pixar movie but I got some pretty cool little movements and details in there, boosted with some camera work and some post-production tricks around the monster and its animations (I found the monster model online and it came with a variety of animations). I put the fight and defeat sequence together in video editing software before putting the entire video together as a team. I also did a little bit of scenery work, finding a village setting online and modifying it heavily to fit the medieval theme.
